Rio de Janeiro today is the last day of the
carnival as taking out holiday accounts
national if some scream ladies and
gentlemen are entering change the
sambadrome let's match our credentials
to be able to launch and to make a
couple of news in nazaret
some step to advance
the machine is being the bride because
is very sad leads after the
girlfriend
two
d
I like it
beautiful flower but now comes the best
prevailing
put well ladies gentlemen I can meet
one of the biggest in my life are
singing in some tails in the most
important here in the river sambadrome
from janeiro de sham Empress and I'm going to
make a kind of living library
this is the date for you to show them what
that go in the head
this is me from today
d
in the wood
yes
A) Yes
I never work once in my life
Well now I can tell you that it is
truly ended are pretty much
six thirty in the morning people
is going and well I want to tell you that
fulfill one of the greatest dreams of
my life now parades two in the last
school of the last carnival of the plenary
I hope that I